BZ2110179: Update UI procedures for top-level Virt (#48203)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-viewing-vmi-ip-web.adoc

[id="virt-viewing-vmi-ip-web_{context}"]
= Viewing the IP address of a virtual machine interface in the web console

The IP information is displayed on the *VirtualMachine details* page for the virtual machine.

.Procedure

> . In the {VirtProductName} console, click *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* from the side menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {product-title} console, click *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* from the side menu.
```
